Contributing to resource-optimizer
Welcome to resource-optimizer! You can contribute to resource-optimizer in a variety of ways. You can report bugs and feature requests using GitHub Issues. You can send patches which add new features to resource-optimizer or fix bugs in resource-optimizer. You can also send patches to update resource-optimizer documentation.

Reporting Issues
When reporting issues on GitHub please include the following:

resource-optimizer version including git hash
Linux kernel and BPF library versions
dmesg
gdb stack trace of host application

Contributing Code
Please use GitHub Pull Requests (PR) for sending code contributions. When sending code sign your work as described below. Be sure to use the same license for your contributions as the current license of the resource-optimizer component you are contributing to.

Sign Your Work
Please use the Signed-off-by line at the end of your patch which indicates that you accept the Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO) defined by https://developercertificate.org/ reproduced below:

Developer Certificate of Origin
Version 1.1

Copyright (C) 2004, 2006 The Linux Foundation and its contributors.
1 Letterman Drive
Suite D4700
San Francisco, CA, 94129

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this
license document, but changing it is not allowed.


Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1

By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

(a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
    have the right to submit it under the open source license
    indicated in the file; or

(b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
    of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
    license and I have the right under that license to submit that
    work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
    by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
    permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
    in the file; or

(c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
    person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified
    it.

(d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
    are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
    personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
    maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
    this project or the open source license(s) involved.
Here is an example Signed-off-by line which indicates that the contributor accepts DCO:

This is my commit message

Signed-off-by: Jane Doe <jane.doe@example.com>
Code License
All resource-optimizer code is licensed under the terms LICENSE Your contribution will be accepted under the same license.

Please consult the table below for the brief summary of resource-optimizer license for various components.

Component	          License
user space or application BSD 2-clause
Linux kernel eBPF driver  GPLv2
